Updating Finalizers information (#41304)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/finalizers.md

  * Modifies the object to add a `metadata.deletionTimestamp` field with the
    time you started the deletion.

>   * Prevents the object from being removed until its `metadata.finalizers` field is removed as `finalizers` can not be added or changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Prevents the object from being removed until its `metadata.finalizers` field empty.
    (Once deletion begins for an object, the only modification permitted to `metadata.finalizers` is to
    remove one or more existing finalizers.)
```

Reviewer 2: this change is required to make the sentence work

Author: Hi @sftim , im a bit confused with this statement actually as whenever we need to remove object we usually patch remove the finalizer, then why are we mentioning it as `empty`?
Or is it because we want to mention the `metadata.finalizer` field?

Author: I'll say we write ,
`the finalizer keys or the finalizers are removed 
`Or
`the finalizer list is empty,`
because only saying finalizer is empty seems confusing to its concept.

Reviewer: Maybe

```markdown
… `metadata.finalizers` field has become empty: a list with no members.
```

Reviewer: It's hard to find out which behavior is true because as soon as the list becomes empty, Kubernetes deletes the object. Maybe SIG API Machinery can recommend what to explain here?

Reviewer 3: "as soon as all items are removed from the finalizers list" is probably sufficient. Both an empty list and a completely absent finalizers field have the same effect

using the `PersistentVolume`, Kubernetes clears the `pv-protection` finalizer,
and the controller deletes the volume.

{{<note>}}

> * When you `DELETE` an object, Kubernetes makes that object almost read-only with exception that the 

Reviewer: Is it true that you can't patch an object that is pending deletion? For example, does initating deletion prevent updates to `.status`?

Reviewer: What happens if you try to edit the object using its `status` subresource? I actually don't know if objects pending deletion have their status locked to immutable.

Reviewer 3: > Kubernetes makes that object almost read-only

This is not accurate. Kubernetes does prevent adding new finalizers but does not generally tighten modification restrictions. Fields under spec/status can still generally be changed as they could prior to deletionTimestamp being set.

> `metadata.deletionTimestamp` field gets set and the `finalizers` can be removed. Thus `deletionTimestamp` is immutable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`metadata.deletionTimestamp` field gets set and existing `finalizers` can be removed. Thus `deletionTimestamp` is immutable.
```

> * When you `DELETE` an object, Kubernetes makes that object almost read-only with exception that the 
> `metadata.deletionTimestamp` field gets set and the `finalizers` can be removed. Thus `deletionTimestamp` is immutable.

Reviewer: (based on https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/41304/files#r1292334002)
```suggestion
* When you `DELETE` an object, Kubernetes a the deletion timestamp for the object and then
  immediately starts to restrict changes to the `.metadata.finalizers` field for the object that is
  now pending deletion. You can remove existing finalizers (deleting an entry from the `finalizers`
  list) but you cannot add a new finalizer. You also cannot modify the `deletionTimestamp` for an
  object once it is set.
```
